A favorite just shows his love at the sea of Tiberias in his recognition, recognition of Jesus.
I love it.
John 21, that's one.
Now, when we go to Israel, we go to the sea of Tiberias.
You see the sign Tiberius.
When you're driving the car, you see the sign Tiberius.
Then you know that you've arrived there.
Now notice, this is one of the places where the wet Tiberius is mentioned.
It says, now after these things, Jesus showed himself again to the disciples at the sea of Tiberius.
And on this wise, showed he himself.
Isn't it?
Verse two.
Now that we're together, sign one Peter,
And Thomas called Didimas, a Nathaniel of Cana in Galilee, and the sons of Zebedee, and two other disciples.
So there were seven disciples at this sea of Tiberias events, seven of them.
Have you counted it?
Seven guys, beautiful.
That's three.
We have almost finished our lesson.
Simon, Peter said unto them, I go aficion, and they said unto we are also going.
Now they went forth and entered your ship and immediately and that night they caught nothing because you will catch nothing when God has called you and has trained you and you are rather gone back to secular work to go and I mean give your life to catching fish.
You can expect to catch nothing and that's why people have nothing.
It's true because God has not trained you three years.
Think about all the waste of time on you.
of all the waste of time on you three years taking you up and down teaching you John chapter one up to chapter 21 of teachings only you go here go here come here go here feeding you he employed you since whatever for three years after you say you are going fishing you can expect to catch nothing and have nothing that's four but when the money was come
Jesus stood on the shore, but the disciples knew not that he was Jesus.
That's five.
Now, Jesus said unto them, children, have you any meat?
And they said, no, we don't have no mayo.
And he said unto them, cast the net on the right side of the ship and you shall find.
They cast therefore, and now they were not able to draw it for the multitude of fishes.
That was 153 fishes.
Yeah, 153, big choyees or group of fishes.
Shapa, kaya, ba.
That's seven.
Notice here comes the favorite child.
It's alive.
Now the disciple whom Jesus left, sent to Peter and said, it is the Lord.
It is the Lord.
I recognize the Lord.
Peter didn't recognize the Lord.
The speed of recognition and the speed of understanding issues shows how close you are.
People who are not close to me, they don't understand me.
They don't understand what I'm doing.
People who are not close to me, when I want to make a bishop or apostles in the first lecture, who don't understand me, would criticize me.
Or if I want to make an act bishop, they don't understand what I'm doing.
Yes, but those who are close to me in heart, when I take a step and I'm doing something, it is a lot of this thing, the fish that we've caught, this, this, this, this, this, what it is, it is a lot.
This was happening, no.
This was happening.
It's a lot.
But also, God, let's start.
Let me look at that.
Oh, why should I do it?
Why should I do it with whatever?
Why is the mind shouting to you about that?
Is it not frightening?
The fish is the few fish that are left in this.
He's frightening them out.
Shout it out in the morning.
Stupid man.
You don't understand all these things.
As you grow in your understanding, that's what shows you are close.
That's how come you are a favorite child.
That's how come a child who Jesus loves.
So this was a fish have been caught, this is how he turns the look, it is the look.
That the voice we are hearing, we can't see.
When you go to Montpong, you understand, you know, when you are in Montpong, when you stand on the car park and the fog comes, you can't see the buildings.
Yes.
So that will help you to understand that when the water is there and the weather changes from here to here, you can't see, you see the boat is there, this is there.
So he said, have you caught any fish?
He said, out of the light, he said, let's shout, no, no.
Because on the other side, do this.
John says, it is the Lord.
This thing that is happening.
So can you see the Lord's hand through the real thing that it is the Lord, it is the Lord, it is the Lord, it is the Lord, it is the Lord.
Can you see the hand of the Lord?
Yes.
And what is happening in your life?
Can you see the Lord's hand?
Yes.
When you are five,
You may have classes, societies, this, this, hymns be mentioned.
So many say, I come forever.
I do this.
I do.
You are understanding his father.
That is it.
One day I saw it, brother.
His wife, he was in the ministry and his wife was
difficult.
You know, there are some marriages we call it IMC, ill-married.
Look, marriage, you should be happy to go home.
When you go home, you kiss, you hug, you're happy to see each other.
You see people coming home, everybody's even the head to lift, the head to lift, difficult.
Yes?
You should be happy and see them.
I mean, rejoicing.
We are together.
We're happy.
People have marriages like that.
They are very happy.
Yes.
And there are people who are married that are not like that.
So anyway, it was an IMC, always crying.
Any marriage always crying, always an issue.
They said, I mean, discussion is an IMC.
Yes.
There are how many meetings can you have over what are the topics?
I'm asking you a personal question.
I say, how many meetings can you have?
Anyway, so this brother was having a Nancy, but he may not know what's having a Nancy.
So one day the wife decided to take off like a bullet.
She said, I'm going.
But the husband,
Because he didn't have understanding.
Because he begged his wife, don't leave me.
But he couldn't see the hand of the Lord.
The Lord was actually trying to deliver him.
He was trying to give himself small happiness.
Because he has suffered.
He has suffered.
He doesn't know love.
He doesn't know how it is to be married to somebody who is interested in you.
Some people manage
It means you are looking after somebody.
That's all that it means.
It's like it's a job.
It's called R.C.
If you read my book, Beauty the Vis and the Pastor, it's called R.C.
Responsibility Contractor.
You have become a contractor of responsibilities.
And it's called R.O.L.
Receiver of Little.
We are all there.
Our serious responsibility contractor, receiver of let's know.
Or it's called gaps.
Gradging average performances.
It's in the book.
These are formulas for IMCs.
God was trying to give him something good.
God was trying to change over.
You see, when you are not close, you will never understand what God is doing.
But when they pulled this in like this, when they pulled... Jesus is the one standing there.
Jesus is standing there.
God is moving.
God's power is moving.
This thing that is happening, it is God who is moving.
It's not that devil is God.
It's not that devil.
It's not my hard work.
It's not anything I can do.
It is God.
God is the orchestrator of what is happening.
God is the orchestrator of what is happening in my life now.
God is the one moving and orchestrating events by His hand and His hand.
He orchestrated all this fish to enter this net now.
He called the fishes from the sea, and they also shook into the net.
He is the one who did it and made it the way it is.
When you are not close to God, you will not understand.
You will always be stay home.
See, thank God this was all.
That's why we are still in the boat.
We knew that Wubami has cut something today.
And you say, oh, that's how you say, oh, it's so sad when people don't understand.
So sometimes I may call you and I'll show you love, and you don't understand it.
You think that that's how I am just automatically, but you don't know that it is something, an effort I am making.
Or maybe I may show some love to you and you think that it's natural, but you don't know that I pay the price to love you.
You may not know what I'm done to love you.
Because you lack depth.
It is a lot, that means you are saying spiritually speaking, the fisher have come into this water spiritually.
These fishers will never have come here, 153 of them.
They have come to the point that we can't pull it.
And in the morning, and there's a voice coming from the mist asking, are you okay?
You have this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this.
I'm close to the man.
I know, I know his style.
I know his ways.
I know this type of thing.
It is the law.
You break up a relationship, you think it's the devil, but those who have understanding will know that it's the law.
Those who don't have a sound, be crying and crying and crying, but those who have understanding may know that it's actually the law.
So that brother,
He didn't know that God was trying to give him something.
You know, one day I saw a sister, she was crying.
Her beloved had thrown her out of the boat.
I told her, God's going to give you a new beloved.
Eventually, a new beloved came.
Now, when this new beloved came, this new beloved was this type of A1 brothers.
Like, I mean, like super A1.
Like A1 plus plus.
The type who send love notes and those who emphasize all marriage and how to love a woman.
And this type of love that you can get tired of love.
Many girls are tired of love.
Those who have this type of love.
They are not even happy.
Because it's like their love is too much.
So one day I met her as a sister.
How is the A1 love?
She said, me, I didn't know that all these things were a part of relationship.
I never, the relationship that I had before was like, I was a seven sitting somewhere, the guy is there, whatever, it's like, this is the person I'm going to my, she told me her way to where I didn't know that all these things were part of relationship.
I want you to know that there are, maybe for that that he may not know that all these things are part of relationship.
That you can come home and somebody will swing the arms around your neck.
And you said, would you?
What is happening to me now?
How many want to come home and somebody will swing the answer, are you?
I didn't know that all these were packed of relationships.
I didn't know.
That's why I had English words.
That brother, God was delivering him from an IMC.
So he began to fight it.
When the God wants to go, he said, no, I will never let you go.
I will never let you go.
IMC, stay with me.
IMC, I will die with you.
But the hotness of the girl was revealed in the end.
And she said, me, I will never.
And then she sucked him.
Yes.
That shows the kind of hotness that was there or all alone.
How can it be you don't understand anything?
When I move to first lecture, people don't understand what I'm doing.
How can you be the one that is going to shut your big mouth?
Do you like understanding?
I'm saving people's children, eh?
People's children.
They are anthropological children that they get back to in the church.
Many things you may not understand.
You know, can you believe one day I was going for a crusade?
You know what somebody said?
Somebody said, ah, we don't see why you are going to have this crusade in all these countries.
When we have a lot of souls in Ghana,
that have not been saved.
What are you going to do in all these countries?
You see?
You lack understanding.
Yes.
So look at the seven again.
Therefore, that disciple whom Jesus loved said to Peter, it is the love three words.
Yes.
At the resurrection, he was fast.
At the last supper, he was close.
at the sea of Tiberias.
He's the one who understood what was happening.
This is the mystery to seize through circumstances that are changing and see the hand of God.
God is moving here.
God organized fishes.
God is doing this.
God, God, God, God.
God brought me here.
God brought you there.
God made the boat move this way.
God made this.
God did this.
God is the one doing.
It is the Lord.
Wow.
Number five.
I told you, six times he called himself a favorite child.
John, 20, every child is around for every private discussion and conversation.
Yes?
Every child is around for private discussions and conversations.
John 21, verse 18.
Very, very I say unto thee, when thou was young, thou get as thyself.
and walkest without thou wouldest.
But when thou shall be old, thou shall stretch forth thy hands, and another shall get thee and carry thee without thou wouldest not."
And this pick he signified by what death he should glorify God.
Now there's a type, a way of dying that glorifies God.
Now, when he had spoken this, he saved unto him.
Follow me.
Now, Peter, look, let's read from verse 17.
Let's read the 17, maybe you get it better.
John 21, verse 17, please.
Now, he says unto him the third time, Simon, son of Jonas, lavas d'amina, Peter was grieved because he said unto him the third time, lavas d'amir.
Lord, I know us, I love thee.
Down was what I loved thee.
Down was all things.
And Jesus said unto him, feed my sheep.
Then that's 18.
And he said, very, very, when you were younger, you did what you wanted to do.
But when you are old, you stretch your hand and somebody's gonna carry you away.
And this pick is signifying what death he should glorify the Lord with.
All right, so there's a way you die that glorifies God.
Amen?
Are you there?
No, that's 20.
Now Jesus was speaking to Peter.
Are you with me?
Look, we're almost closed, though.
Take the last minute of the thing.
This is it.
This is what speaking to Peter.
This is what speaking talking to Peter.
Now, he turned his eyes, and what should he find there?
Good old disciple whom Jesus loved.
Telling about his shared disciple whom Jesus loved.
Following, which also leaned on his breast at supper.
and said, Lord, we just hear that betrayed.
He's always showing his credentials for closeness.
What are your credentials for closeness today?
Yes.
Lord, he's 10, when he's 10, he saw that, ah.
So, this guy was listening to the whole discussion.
John actually listens to everything.
You see, when you are at John, you can hear every topic.
And it will not disturb you.
When you are not at John and you hear, it's not that you are going to be a tale bearer.
When if you'll be sending text, he says this.
As soon as we close, you take a photo.
This is what he said.
He said this, this, this, this, this.
What?
That's Judas.
John can be there to see because what he's seen is this with his eyes.
But Judas, he would call the Pharisees.
We are eating now.
We are eating.
I say we are eating.
We call you anything he likes.
He takes it.
You hold on.
I say I'll call you back.
Bye.
He's finished eating, he's taking a cup, and he's like, this is my body.
It's whatever, he take a picture.
Santa, what's up?
I said, look, we finished, we finished, we finished, right now.
This is the same place, it's the same place, where I told you last, I told you last, it's the same place.
I'll call you, I'll call you, I'll call you.
No, no, I can't talk for a long time, bye, bye, bye, bye.
Judas is the one who affects meetings and goes to make calls and send messages about what is happening out of context.
Yes.
But John is the one who can hear big, big things including how Peter should die.
That's 21.
Look at it.
And Peter said, why Peter saw him?
What?
You are sending the one there talking to me about this man.
This one will only not also die.
It's pain, Peter, that John was listening to what they were saying about him dying.
So he tried to say, what's this guy?
Who also not died?
He wanted to kill John right there and there.
What I don't want to die immediately and die in the same way that he was going to die.
I do mean, they are counseling me about listening to it.
Two people, boy.
Small boy, you don't fear, you don't respect.
I'm the head of the chair, you don't respect.
I'm the rock.
Now, now look at this as his answer.
Look at this as his answer.
To the, about the one he loved.
Look at it.
And this is said, eh?
If he stays alive till I come, what is our 2000 years?
What is it to you?
Stupid!
Does it mean anything to you?
What I have to do with my favorite child?
What I'm doing for my favorite child doesn't mean anything to you.
It's nothing to you.
Leave me to love my friend if I want you to stay.
And Johnny is the one who lived longer than all of them.
He had of Peter's funeral.
He had of all their funerals.
Yes, fair bitches.
It was alive.
Coolie.
If he stays till I come, because Jesus is probably going to come, I don't know, soon.
What is it to you?
Follow me.
You follow me.
That's 23.
Then when this saying I brought among the brethren that the disciple should not die.
Yeah, Jesus didn't say until he shall not die.
But he said, if I will, that he carried to come, what is that to be?
You get a story.
He wasn't trying to say that.
What if he stays till I come and he lives to thousands?
He hasn't consigned to you.
You are the head of the chair.
This is my favorite boy.
Be quiet and enjoy your head shift.
Mind your business.
Wow.
Hmm, is it fantastic?
And finally, a favorite child shows his love by writing books about Jesus and talking about Jesus.
Writing about Jesus and talking about Jesus.
Verse 24, the very next verse, John 21, verse 24.
This is the disciples.
which testified of these things and wrote these things.
And we know that his testimony is true.
Amen.
This disciple whom Jesus loved is the disciple who testified of these things.
Anyone who, a lover of Jesus, every child is a person who talks about Jesus.
Testifies about Jesus, speaks about Jesus.
Where is Jesus?
And we crouch when he was teaching some people how to write songs.
He said, always drop in the name of Jesus.
Somewhere in the song, the name of Jesus.
Drop in the name of Jesus.
When you're composing, put in the name of Jesus.
If you listen to my songs, you see the name of Jesus appears.
Yes.
Drop in the name of Jesus.
The people who talk about Jesus, who can preach about Jesus, who can describe Jesus.
They are the favorite children of Jesus.
Yes.
They are the lovers of Jesus.
It's beautiful.
So number one is, well, tell me quickly, because we are closing.
Number one, favorite child.
Favorite child that's one?
By sitting close.
Show this love at the last of her by sitting close.
Favorite child number two.
Show this love.
at the crucifixion, isn't it, by being there in the time of crisis?
You can count on him.
Favorite child, number three.
Speech, faster than Peter.
How many are going to be fast?
From today, you show your being a favorite child by the speed.
When we say, go on, and we can meet you for a discussion.
You know, I'm gonna tell you that my grandmother's funeral is in three months' time and after that, I have to finish my master's.
And my beloved mother says that she shouldn't go anywhere until she has done her PhD and master's accounting.
It's not that I don't want to go, but it is my PhD, my master's.
But I'll ask for all that, but it's just because of that thing.
This one here, Peter, stand up.
I preached the first camp, I preached in England, the very first.
All of them were looking at me.
I was preached to, you know, I once read the scripture, we said, go and preach the gospel to all creatures.
And I was living in my uncle's house.
And my uncle was living near some fields.
And there were cows in the field.
So the times I used to go and stand by the field.
And the cow would come and stand with his head over.
And he'd be chewing like this.
And I wish he must be saving those interviews.
I am, I am.
He doesn't understand.
No response.
So the camp that I preached, everybody was there.
A bit like the field.
But he's the only one.
This one.
I will show you a picture of him slim.
Not this beast, oh my God, he has today.
Very slim.
He's the only one.
He said, I'm a lecturer at the university.
I will go.
I'll go to Australia.
That's how all the judges, we have Australia, Papua New Guinea, Fiji, everything.
This one.
And he just, before I could leave the camp, he came up to me and said, I mean, we are close, we were going before he came and said, I will go.
And that was, he let his wife was pregnant, he left her and went.
He outranhed her.
That's the Jones.
Straight down, there was no meeting.
This, this, that money for money is implication.
My wife practically, he left his, his job was born.
He was not there.
Yeah.
I, I, you see, because the family is very important to us.
And the family is no important to us.
You're faced like a frog.
You see, your face, not even your mouth, your face.
Who told the family is no important to us?
Richard.
I'm trying to come up with cock and bull stories.
Like family man, we are what men?
You are a family man and I'm what?
Did I hear any of you say something about, is it from this row?
Or from this row?
Is that the back?
Back guys, is it from you?
I think they are outside, isn't it?
Speak.
Get that fast.
Tell somebody, get that fast.
He's got to send you to the mission.
Get that fast before somebody is sent there.
And then you will become something else.
Get that fast.
Get that quickly.
Be the favorite child.
Thank you.
Number four.
Quickly.
Show this love at the sea of bataireas by what?
Recognizing and understanding, understanding what's happening.
God is moving.
In the fog, with the fishes, he understood everything.
You don't understand, NATO, NATO, NATO, NATO, NATO, NATO, NATO, NATO.
This rule, do you understand things?
But why are you so quiet if you understand?
Number five.
Is that number five?
Number six.
Number five.
Favorite child is around for private meetings and discussions.
He's like, yeah, it's confidential meetings.
He's listening.
Jesus is comfortable with his presence.
He's not going to start making calls.
We started moving.
We started, are you guys in position?
Are you guys in position?
We are starting moving.
If you don't come on time, it'll probably be short.
You'll never know sometimes it's short, sometimes it's not.
Move now, move now, move now.
How many are you?
We are 12.
We are 30.
We must have numbers.
How many are you?
How many are you guys?
Pita has a knife.
Are you armed?
Wow.
Number six.
Writing books.
And you know, I haven't written any book about Jesus.
Yes.
I really want to write books about Jesus.
Yeah, I know, but I want to write a book about Jesus.
It's something I really want to do to write books about Jesus.
It's the most interesting, wonderful person to, but it's like it's endless.
Is it amazing?
Now, all this prepared John for the gospel, that's why it's called the preparation of the gospel by John.
Yes.
I have preparation of the gospel by James and John.
And that's a different one.
James and John.
This is by John.
John's preparation was to be close.
Stand to your feet.
Hallelujah.
What a blessing.
Lift your hands.
I want to be more like you.
Jesus, I want to be more like you.
I want to be more like Jesus.
I want to be a vessel that you work through.
I wanna be more like Jesus.
I wanna be a person you work through.
I wanna be more like you.
Thank you, Father.
Anybody who wants to be a favorite child, just step forward.
All right, enough, enough, enough, just see where you are.
I wanna be a vessel that you work through.
I wanna be more like you.
Lift your hands.
Whatever is missing in you, that makes you aloof.
And separates and distant is healed in your life today.
Receive the grace to be a favorite child.
A child who walks closer, closer and closer, closer and closer.
mocking register and counting symbols and saying, I do this, I do this, I do this, I do this, but grace has found you to make you a true child.
There at the supper, there at the crucifixion, there in the crisis, there by the sea, full of understanding and knowing,
away comes where every discussion, conversation, full of faithfulness and understanding and loyalty, receive taking a deep breath right now and receive the power of Jesus.
Receive the Spirit of the Lord.
Yes, it's happening now.
It's moving over your life.
It's changing your destiny.
Changing your destiny by bringing you close.
Take it.
It's flowing.
Every distance.
distance, separation.
It's being breached right now.
Take it now, it's flowing power.
Taking a deep breath and receive the spirit of God.
10 into a close and favorite child.
I want to count up, I want to count up to three.
And I want you to take in the Bible and say, Jesus breathed on them and said, receive the spirit.
And as he breathed on them, they also received the spirit by breathing in.
One, two, three, receive it now.
I don't have to touch you.
I don't need to touch you.
The mighty Holy Spirit is moving.
Take it.
Shatasa Balava.
Tastiloma.
Shkibarasa.
Pastile.
Jankli.
Take it now.
One.
Oh, in this section here.
Lift your hands.
Receive the Spirit of God right now.
It's flowing, it's flowing.
Thanks.
Thanks Holy Spirit.
Thanks for your mighty power.
Now lift your hand and embrace God.
Receive the closeness to God, closeness to Jesus, closeness to the Father, closeness to the understanding.
I think it's a good thing to say.
But here, lift your hands.
It's coming on you now.
Take it.
Receive.
Power.
Shippo tasamanda bakata bala basa bala daba bada bada bada bada bada baa.
It's flowing.
Thank you.
Father, we give you thanks.
Thank you for every hand that is lifted tonight.
Receiving the mighty Holy Spirit.
Revive us long, cause us to be filled with the Spirit.
Closer and closer to you, Lord Jesus.
Thank you, Father, in Jesus' name, Amen.
We may be seated.
coming over you.
for me then come out of you the flow of the Spirit to touch lives.
May you be anointed with fresh oil.
May you receive any protection in your belly of the rivers of living waters.
Receive it now in the name of Jesus.
Take your offering out.
Give me a basket in front here.
You know, because it's swollen Sunday, we have many expenses and I want you to just give generously.
Let's put it right there.
Bless those who give generously tonight in the mighty name of Jesus.
You are here.
You want to give a hundred cities, just a hundred cities, to bless the work of the Lord.
Come and just put it in the basket tonight offering.
Just put a hundred cities.
All of you just come.
I feel Jesus is anointing you.
They're gonna go forth as an anointed close child.
Amen.
You don't have 100 cities, but I wanna give 50 cities, come and quickly put your offering quickly.
I wanna sow a special seed in this revival service of 50 cities, special.
What a blessing, what a blessing, what a blessing.
You don't have 20 seats, but you have 10 seats.
I come quickly now.
Very quickly.
It's very important.
I don't have 20 cities, but I have 10 cities.
I want to sow my seed.
I want
You don't have ten cities, but you have five cities.
Somebody watching, time to sew a seat.
Tidy combo dasimata.
You don't have five cities, but you have one city, one city, not a coin, one city.
You don't have five cities, one city, one city, one city, one city, one city, one city, one city, one city, one city, one city, one city.
Tada, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, dhamma, d
I am not going to do that.
I am going to do that.
You don't have one city, but you have boosters and points and something extra to give to the Lord.
Come, there's a power here.
Paddise, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, tae, t
To be continued, we are going to be able to make a decision.
We are going to be able to make a decision.
To be continued
to stand on some and some punch in a zeketto, to the getes, to get the sake of the muckus canaba, toledes, paledecama, taba, trophicha, tama, pricketesu, pratasikoto, jideketesu, ma antisa, tosana, fengus, fonda, filina, tofuke, chikessa, tosykama, who freakin', shuma, chikessu, toolade,
Thank you for giving us the Holy Spirit.
Thank you for blessing us.
We give you thanks.
We give you praise.
We love you.
Thank you for hearing all the prayers of mysteries, of prayers for everybody.
Thank you for saving us, saving our lives, helping us, taking us out.
forward into your will.
Thank you in the name of Jesus.
Amen.
Jesus Christ.
to your feet.
How many of you have been so blessed by today's revival at seven?
Thank you so much, prophets.
We are always been blessed every single time.
We sit under your feet.
We are always blessed.
We are becoming very spiritual.
And God is helping us hold your neighbor's hand.
Let's share the grace.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, the love of God, the communion, fellowship, contribution,
participation of the Holy Spirit, the 25,000 children, which includes all the important people for my life and the first love of the spirit of power, love and of a sound mind.
Be with us now and forevermore, amen.
We are seeing the 25,000 on Sunday in Jesus' name.